I went to my house tomorrow
oh what's up fans welcome to a new
video and as you see on the screen we are in
the end the final of
French that we are going to play now but
first of all I wanted to tell you that
I have two active draws
I have a draw of one and a half million
ps 4 and some glasses like these so
nothing you have the two tweets in the
description you have to give retweet and
follow two people that you will see
in the tweets and nothing else is worth it so
I wanted to warn you and we're not going for the
tournament
let's see here we have our rival
I did it and it does not jump to be able to continue
no not worth
and it's like you go and get hit with him
penalty
edwin anti fighter and does not hit anything
to see inside
no name penalty
so for silly stuck let's go or we
traveled from subnormal is still there
man let's go
He said
But better
I'm an asshole I'm an asshole me
I was placing and the asshole gets me
two since badly I just got uncle
bad just got to be seriously end of the
first part what just happened to me
be placing me to play and that I
metan is that I shit on the whore
what's good for you
as amortization with the outside
what good karim khalili
take the take the baby takes the baby and the
cracks
if we leave you one more where they launched in
force of the canon and without equal of the
canonical let's go if you do not fuck off
of good oil at the end of the game
we won the tournament
Designers that like that playing
well on your couch he quoted if the addict comes
Pussy here we have the envelope guys
I feel on the couch
I speak
please algorithm please
I do not turn around there for good
valued silvan serious company and I go in
serious that is well valued uncle well
valued if they do not go a fucking shit